Music assistant blog (#32667)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-05-09-music-assistant-2.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "Music Assistant 2.0: Your Music, Your Players"
description: "Connecting multiple music libraries to almost any smart speaker."
date: 2024-05-09 00:00:01
date_formatted: "May 09, 2024"
author: Marcel van der Veldt
comments: true
categories: Music-Assistant
og_image: /images/blog/2024-05-music-assistant/art.jpg
---
<p><img src='/images/blog/2024-05-music-assistant/art.jpg' class='no-shadow' /></p>

> Today, exactly five years ago, I started working on [Music Assistant](https://music-assistant.io/). What began as a quick script to sync my playlists when I wanted to switch between streaming providers grew into a beast on its own.

Reviewer: Should we mention his name? 
```suggestion
Today, exactly five years ago, I, Marcel, started working on [Music Assistant](https://music-assistant.io/). What began as a quick script to sync my playlists when I wanted to switch between streaming providers grew into a beast on its own.
```

Reviewer: Also, should there be a comma in second sentence?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, exactly five years ago, I started working on [Music Assistant](https://music-assistant.io/). What began as a quick script, sync my playlists so I could switch between streaming providers, grew into a beast on its own.
```

> Today, exactly five years ago, I, Marcel, started working on [Music Assistant](https://music-assistant.io/). What began as a quick script to sync my playlists when I wanted to switch between streaming providers grew into a beast on its own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, exactly five years ago, I, Marcel, started working on [Music Assistant](https://music-assistant.io/). What began as a quick script, to sync my playlists so I could switch between streaming providers, grew into a beast on its own.
```

Author: Commas work, but it still needs the "to" before "sync"

> What I’d like to call a “music library manager” that gives you full control of playing YOUR music on your players. Just like Home Assistant centralizes all your devices and services to work together, Music Assistant does the same with your music sources and smart audio-playing devices. This is just one of the many [Home Assistant Add-on’s](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/) that can massively expand its smart capabilities.

Reviewer: Call what? This sentence feels out of the blue as a first sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Music Assistant is what I’d like to call a “music library manager” – it gives you full control of playing YOUR music on your players. Just like Home Assistant centralizes all your devices and services to work together, Music Assistant does the same with your music sources and smart audio-playing devices. This is just one of the many [Home Assistant Add-on’s](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/) that can massively expand its smart capabilities.
```

> <p class="img"><img src='/images/blog/2024-05-music-assistant/how-it-works.jpg'/>From source to Music Assistant to speaker</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% my supervisor_addon badge addon="d5369777_music_assistant_beta" repository_url="https://github.com/music-assistant/home-assistant-addon" %}

<p class="img"><img src='/images/blog/2024-05-music-assistant/how-it-works.jpg'/>From source to Music Assistant to speaker</p>
```

---
layout: post
title: "Music Assistant 2.0: Your Music, Your Players"
description: "Connecting multiple music libraries to almost any smart speaker."
date: 2024-05-09 00:00:01
date_formatted: "May 09, 2024"
author: Marcel van der Veldt
comments: true
categories: Music-Assistant
og_image: /images/blog/2024-05-music-assistant/art.jpg
---
<p><img src='/images/blog/2024-05-music-assistant/art.jpg' class='no-shadow' /></p>

Today, exactly five years ago, I, Marcel, started working on [Music Assistant](https://music-assistant.io/). What began as a quick script, to sync my playlists so I could switch between streaming providers, grew into a beast on its own.

Music Assistant is what I’d like to call a “music library manager” – it gives you full control of playing YOUR music on your players. Just like Home Assistant centralizes all your devices and services to work together, Music Assistant does the same with your music sources and smart audio-playing devices. This is just one of the many [Home Assistant Add-on’s](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/) that can massively expand its smart capabilities.

> {% my supervisor_addon badge addon="d5369777_music_assistant_beta" repository_url="https://github.com/music-assistant/home-assistant-addon" %}

Reviewer: Update this to stable when Marcel releases it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% my supervisor_addon badge addon="d5369777_music_assistant" repository_url="https://github.com/music-assistant/home-assistant-addon" %}
```

Reviewer 2: addon is placed on the repo - that first part stays the same right (the slug) ?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/music-assistant/home-assistant-addon/tree/main/music_assistant

> Music Assistant is what I’d like to call a “music library manager” – it gives you full control of playing YOUR music on your players. Just like Home Assistant centralizes all your devices and services to work together, Music Assistant does the same with your music sources and smart audio-playing devices. This is just one of the many [Home Assistant Add-on’s](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/) that can massively expand its smart capabilities.
> 
> {% my supervisor_addon badge addon="d5369777_music_assistant_beta" repository_url="https://github.com/music-assistant/home-assistant-addon" %}

Reviewer: The pitch about add-ons feels weird. Better put below the button.

```suggestion
Music Assistant is what I’d like to call a “music library manager” – it gives you full control of playing YOUR music on your players. Just like Home Assistant centralizes all your devices and services to work together, Music Assistant does the same with your music sources and smart audio-playing devices.

{% my supervisor_addon badge addon="d5369777_music_assistant_beta" repository_url="https://github.com/music-assistant/home-assistant-addon" %}

_Music Assistant is distributed as a [Home Assistant add-on](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/) – our way to easily extend your Home Assistant installation with third party applications. If you use Home Assistant Container, follow the [MA installation instructions](https://music-assistant.io/installation/#tertiary-installation-method-docker-image)._
```
